          SHORT STORY MANUSCRIPT FORMAT by W. Ritter
          800 words
          Short story manuscript format is very similar to novel standard
          manuscript format. This template is intended to help you easily
          export or print using the standard format. In fact, this PDF file
          was generated using Scrivener's Compile feature. It was created
          in Scrivener using the Short Story project template.
          You should generally use a Courier 12-point font (which will
          print ten characters per inch). Because Courier is a monospace
          font (that is, all characters are the same width), it makes it
          easier for editors to detect spelling errors and also to
          calculate the approximate space yourstory will take up when
          published. Times New Roman and Arial are also usually acceptable
          though.
          Leave wide margins all around the page--at least an inch on all
          sides.
          Use double-spacing between lines--this gives the editor plenty of
          room to make corrections and notes.
          These guidelines will mean that you can't fit many words on a
          page--250 to 300 at the most. This will give your manuscript a
          higher page count, but it will pay off as it will be a lot easier
          for the editor to read--and you want to make the editor's job as
          easy as possible.
          # Print only on one side of the page. Your name, address,
          telephone number and e-mail address should go in the upper left
          corner of the first page of your manuscript. In the upper right
          corner, place an approximate word count. You can round up to the
          nearest hundred words, although in these days of word processors,
          a word processor-generated word count will probably be fine. The
          word count is used by the editor to work out how much space your
          story will take
          Ritter / Story Format / 2
          up. In Scrivener, you can insert a placeholder tag that will be
          replaced by your word count upon compile by using the Edit >
          Insert menu.
          The title of your story should go roughly halfway down the first
          page (the editor can use the empty space above it to make notes).
          The title should be centred, and it is usually capitalised.
          Place your by-line two lines beneath the title. This is the name
          you want to appear in print, which might be a pseudonym or might
          use your initials instead of your full name.
          The first line of your story should start two lines beneath your
          by-line, and should be indented five spaces (half an inch) from
          the left margin.
          # You should place a header in the upper right corner of
          every page of your manuscript except for the first page. The
          header should comprise the surname that appears in the by-line, a
          key word from the title of the story, and the current page
          number. (The header should not go in the left corner, as the
          editorial staff may clip your manuscript in
          Ritter / Story Format / 3
          that corner.) Text should be left-justified with a "ragged" right
          margin. Some folk will tell you that you should always place two
          spaces between sentences, but in these days of word processors
          this rule is not so hard and fast any more. If you are in the
          habit of typing two spaces between sentences, fine; if not, it is
          probably not worth worrying about. Recent studies have shown
          that the number of spaces you type between sentences--one or
          two--has no discernible impact on how easy a piece of text is to
          read.
          # If you wish a word or phrase to appear in italics, this
          should be indicated in the manuscript by underlining. In
          Scrivener, you can use italics while writing and then just use
          "Convert italics to underlines" in the Transformations pane of
          the Compile sheet.
          Em-dashes--extended hyphens that set off a phrase such as
          this--should be indicated using two hyphens. In Scrivener, you
          can use "Convert em-dashes to double hyphens" upon compile. (All
          of this is set up for you in
          Ritter / Story Format / 4
          the Short Story project template.) #
          Line breaks in your story should be indicated by placing the "#"
          character between lines rather than leaving a blank line. This
          makes it easy for the typesetter to see where line breaks should
          fall. If you write each scene as a separate text document, you
          can have these separator characters added automatically upon
          compilation by using the "Separators" pane of the Compile sheet.
          Finally, you do not need to make any overt indication that your
          story is over--you do not need to type "The End" or anything of
          the sort. The ending should be obvious from your story. Follow
          these instructions, and your short story manuscript should at
          least appear professional--the content is down to you!
          # Much of the information contained in this document is
          based on a description of short story manuscript format by Matt
          Carless for the BBC Writers' Room website: http://
          www.bbc.co.uk/writersroom