          My Sample PR


          So, you're welcome to do this anyway you want to (as long as it's
          not awful) but I'm going to tell you how I'm going to do it.

          First off, I'm using Scrivener. I really like it. It's free for
          30 "openings", or I think there's an extended Nanowrimo edition
          that will be available pretty soon. They make it for both Mac and
          PC. The Mac stuff has more in it, but I use the PC version too.

          Second, I'm writing it as plain text so that github behaves with
          the line commenting and all that. No one wants to scroll back and
          forth to read your shit. This is known.

          I'm pretty sure that MS Office does this too, but here are the
          steps to doing it in Scrivener:
          1. Write your story.
          2. Click the compile button.
          3. In the "Format As" drop-down, select "Plain Text Screenplay".
          No, it's not the prettiest, so if you find one you like better
          (or make a custom) please share!
          4. In the "Compile For" drop-down, slect Plain Text (.txt) (Make
          sure you include the extension!)
          5. Compile!

          Now, to make your pull request.
          You should have been working in this week's folder already, so
          I'm going to assume that you're doing good there.

          I also assume that you have a branch or you're working in master
          in your fork. Don't mess up the repo. No one wants to make Matt
          fix it. ;)

          Do the following commands (or if you're using the GUI, you can do
          that, however that works) :
          1. "Git add <your file here >"
          2. Git commit
          3. Git push origin <your branch here>

          Look at that, it's pushed up to github!

          Now, go to your fork and you'll see the new pull request sitting
          there. Go ahead and send it towards 52WritingChallenge's master
          branch. Write an obligatory comment about how your story sucks
          and you'll do better next week.

          Sit back and wait for your friends to tear it to pieces. :D