The early warning beacon sounded at 1700 hours. The comms officer called 
for the fleet to go to battle stations, but it made little difference. 
The crew and systems of the whole fleet, if it could even be called 
that, had been on alert since that warning garbled by the systems second 
sun had come over the W.A.V.E. that a Locust fleet was on a collision 
course with Galea. All that remained now was for the ships that didn't 
have enough power to leave their shields and guns hot to spin up.

"Hail the Locust fleet Lieutenant." The comms officer raised an eye-brow 
but obeyed.
"Incoming fleet, this is the UTF-Daedalus, of the United Trans-warp 
Federation. We're a peaceful science vessel, but if you do not reverse 
course immediately or we will-" his threat was interrupted by a hideous 
screeching noise from the other end. Captain Tarnin looked back too the 
comms officer for a translation but the Lieutenant just shook his head.

"Record as much as you can and put it on a message buoy, send it on as 
wide a path of them as you can." So much for diplomacy, maybe the next 
colony would have better luck with their translation in hand. That left 
only one final duty before the battle began. "Hail the Galean fleet."

A soft cherp let him know he was transmitting. 

"You all know the stakes here. If we don't stand firm until the Persius 
and Pegasus arrive Galea will be whipped off the charts. Many of you 
wouldn't have a home to go home to, but none of you would be going 
home." It was true, none of the remaining ships except the Daedalus the 
range to make it to safety without being left stranded to certain death 
in the middle of deep space. That was precisely because all the ships 
that could leave, had. To be fair, they had taken as many colonists as 
they could hold, but it wasn't even a fraction of the whole.

"No known colony has survived a locust swarm without UTF intervention, 
it's true. But it's also true that no other colony has ever been 
protected by a fleet of such experienced deep space veterans. You're all 
used to dealing with your own problems out here at the edge, and your 
quick thinking and ingenuity will make all the difference." It was true 
that the fleet consisted almost entirely of grizzled deep space 
veterans, but it was also true that many of the ships only had small 
anti-meteor lasers and deflector shields. Against all logic these were 
all lined up at the forefront of the fleet, prepared for that Tactical 
officer Samish called an "Indian Run" that he figured would be highly 
effective against the single-minded locust.

"No other colony has ever had such a perfect disposable piece in their 
game-plan either." A series of nervous chuckles was his reply. "Stick to 
the plan, do as your squadron commander says and do everything you can 
to keep them from getting to the runners. Runners, pour everything you 
have into your engines and keep their attention."

The radar beeped, and Tarnin didn't even have to listen to what the nav 
officer said, he knew just from the solid mass on the screen what it was.

"Our guests have arrived. If you'll kindly turn your sensors to 
37.45,-79.00,180 you'll see history being made. Brace for impact."

All sensors turned to the designated coordinates and the Daedalus began 
transmitting from the comms bouy it had left behind. The locust swarm 
was passing near the second sun of the system at relativistic speeds, 
visible only because it was so long. Then, when Samish had calculated it 
would do the most damage, the sun went super-nova. In the brief seconds 
before the bouy was vaporized the fleet saw the entire front half of the 
swarm vaporized in an instant of vivid lights and ballooning plasma. 
Mercifully the buoy was destroyed before the fleet saw that the 
remaining half of the fleet was un-fazed and simply steered around the 
catastrophe. Only seconds behind the video cutting out the fleet was 
rocked by the wave of raw energy from the universes first tactical 
super-nova, shaking and rattling the ships despite their shelter behind 
the moon of the 8th planet.

"God-speed 'Hera's Folly'!" Tarnin called to the first runner ship in 
line as it blinked out into the path of the swarm. The locust 
immediately turned upon the mineral laden 'Folly', and the dark of space 
was temporarily cut by a hundred bands of pure white light as the entire 
fleet opened fire.