
          "The Zeze have crawled out of the Guardian Nebula like the fever
          plagues descended on our ancestors."

          The message was sent out to the entire fleet, the general well
          aware that her words echoed on a thousand different ships -- all
          that was left of the once massive fleet that had recently ruled
          from the nebula almost to the Galactic Core.

          "And, make no mistake, they are a plague." She continued. "They
          are not advanced. We have all seen their ramshackle ships and
          witnessed their individual ignorance. But we have learned that
          this only makes them all the more dangerous."

          "They do not care for their own safety-- for their own lives.
          They take risks and become suicidal, for when one falls, there
          are always three more to take its place." She paused, glancing at
          the nebula in her view screen, noticing that a large portion of
          its gleaming pink light was darkened -- blackened by the mass of
          Zeze ships.

          "We are outnumbered. We have always been outnumbered. The Zeze
          reproduce in such numbers that we will have no choice but to take
          this battle to their laying fields. And we will do that, but not
          today. Today our fleet is massed to stop the spread of this
          disease. We will not let this cancer spread beyond its current
          borders."

          "We may be outnumbered, but that does not mean we do not have the
          advantage. The Zeze are numerous, but each human counts for a
          thousand of them. Each ship in the fleet is worth a hundred of
          their space junks. We cannot allow this plague to spread and
          darken the galaxy further. We cannot allow them to ravage the
          Central Planets the way they felled the outposts."

          "Think of the Central Planets and home and our families. We will
          not allow these foul creatures to pollute their space. We will
          hold our positions. We will not break before this cloud. We will
          hold our line until the last ship has fallen. We will quarantine
          the Zeze here."