
          The Sword of Divine Sacrifice.

          The blade which the Holy Prophet Olesia had fallen upon when she
          transcended her mortal form and went to serve as handmaiden to
          the Vajra, the god of thunder.

          The holy prophetess was considered to a heretic in her time. Her
          sermons of peace did not impress the Vajran priesthood, who at
          that time still drank the blood of their prisoners of war. Even
          after the priesthood imprisoned her Olesia still preached to her
          fellow prisoners, and her guards, and any priest of Vajra who
          would listen. Finally, the priesthood decided they had had enough
          and planned to execute her, but a priest, Cohen the Disciple,
          believed her words and gave her his sword so that she could join
          Vajra on her own terms.

          The Vahari had been a feared people in Olesia's day, but in the
          years following her death her message of peace spread among her
          people. Her words grew popular, mostly through the works and
          writings of Cohen the Disciple. The sword with which she had
          taken her own life became known as the Sword of Divine Sacrifice,
          and was regarded as one of the holiest of relics. It was rumored
          that those who wielded the sword could not perish in battle, but
          only by their own hands.

          Centuries passed and the sword's location fell into obscurity.
          The priests and priestesses of Vajra still told legends that
          spoke of the sword being guarded by holy Vajra's familiar in the
          depths of the sacred mountain Ona'lat. No mortal walked there,
          lest the god strike him down with his swift sword of lightening.



          When the Swarnii Empire turned its gaze on the peaceful and
          fertile lands of the Vahari people, there was naught the Vahari
          could do to stop them. They swept the land with their Dread
          Knights, dark helmeted warriors who had sold their souls to the
          God of Tears. The priests and priestesses did their best to sooth
          the empire's attack against the tranquil people, but to no
          avail. The Dread Knights and their legions raped and plundered
          their way across the Vahari lands.

          It was in this time that the young priest Cohen, named after the
          holy prophetess's long dead disciple, left his monastery in the
          dead of night with only his cloak and his ceremonial knife and a
          loaf of bread to sustain him. He traveled to the sacred mountain
          Ona'lat to claim Olesia's hallowed sword and save his people.



          Every strand of hair on Cohen's body was standing on end by the
          time he reached the end of the black passageway. It was a strange
          sensation, unlike being cold, and more like the feeling that he
          got when he pulled off a wool shirt on a cold evening, that
          feeling of crackling invisible power. The power of Vajra. He
          swallowed his fear though, for this was his god's mountain. When
          the passage came to the end, it was so dark that for a long
          moment Cohen didn't realize that he wasn't alone.

          "Who doth trespass here?" The great voice seemed to come from all
          around, echoing off the walls of the cavern. However, Cohen knew
          at once that this voice was neither man nor god for when this
          creature spoke, sparks of yellow light fell from his fanged
          mouth. In this strange sparkling transitory light Cohen could
          make out the giant form of a great and scaly being.

          The creature scraped one of its large clawed paws against the
          metal floor and again sparks flew. Cohen gasped in realization,
          "A dragon!" he breathed.

          "What art thou here for, human?" The dragon spoke again, pouring
          more light from his mouth. "In days past thou wouldst been struck
          down with Vajra's holy thunder long before thou reached this
          temple."

          Taking courage from the fact that he was still alive, Cohen
          addressed the great beast. "I am a priest of Vajra! I come in
          peace here. Are you my god's familiar?"

          The dragon growled, larger sparks falling from his mouth like a
          flood. Cohen took two swift steps back, suddenly regretting
          speaking to the beast at all. "Hist, what priest of Vajra dost
          thou think thou art? What priest of Vajra dost not recognize thy
          god's steed? I am Vajrhanel, dragon of thunder."

          Cohen did not say anything to this, but instead cowered away from
          the great dragon whose bulk took up most of the cavern.

          "What brings thou to the lair of Vajrhanel, priest?" the dragon
          asked again, "Speak now, before the holy thunder doth strike
          you."

          "I-", Cohen started, his young voice cracking with fear, "I have
          come for the Sword of Divine Sacrifice."

          "What?" Vajrhanel shook his head and Cohen could hear the scales
          on the dragon's neck scraping against one another.

          "The sword that the holy prophetess Olesia-" Cohen started again,
          louder, but the dragon roared and lightning shot out of his
          mouth, bouncing and crackling up the cavern walls.

          "That sword!" The dragon roared again, "What dost thou want with
          that sword? Of all mine treasure, that sword is the most
          precious, for that sword doth mark the downfall."

          He roared one last time, spraying even more lightning into the
          middle of the room. This time, however, it was not in anger and
          the bouncing light caught some invisible force and melted into a
          floating ball. The cavern was awash with light.

          "I want to save the Vahari!" Cohen shouted over the echo of the
          crackling light.

          The dragon swung his great head around, the scales on his long
          sinuous neck glowing a dull violet in the yellow light. His head
          was oddly horse-shaped, but with small ears. Cohen could see the
          grim intelligence in the large lavender eyes, though against his
          will he found his eyes kept drifting down towards the exposed
          fangs that were as long as his forearms, one of which was broken
          off in an jagged end.

          "And what trouble hath the Vahari found?" Vajrhanel asked,
          interest gleaming in his eyes.

          "The empire-" Cohen was now aware how small he was compared to
          the dragon now that he could see him from his nose to the tip of
          his long curved gray tail, "The Swarnii Empire has attacked us."

          "Why dost thou trouble Vajrhanel?" The dragon cocked his
          horse-like head to the side as if he was straining to get a
          better look at the priest, and Cohen could see his own
          reflections in the dragon's eyes, "Thy people hath turned away
          the dread empire before."

          This was news to Cohen, "The Vahari are a peaceful people. They
          do not fight."

          The great dragon closed his eyes in such a way that Cohen thought
          he might be perhaps ill, but he decided it was not wise to ask.
          At length Vajrhanel began to speak again, though he did not open
          his eyes. "Forsooth, I know not why the Vahari hath listened to
          that witch's mumblings. Forsooth, I know not why holy Vajra hath
          listened to it!"

          "I do not understand-" Cohen spoke up, but the dragon's eyes flew
          open and though he looked in the priest's direction, his gaze
          was distant.

          "Come now, priest, for thy people's salvation hath fallen to us."
          With what seemed like a great effort, the dragon rose to its
          paws, all of the long claws on its feet scraping the cavern floor
          at once in a burst of sparks.

          Cohen couldn't help taking a step back, startled by the dragon's
          movements, even though they were slow.

          "Thy 'holy prophetess'," Vajrhanel spit the words with such a
          torrent of sparks that Cohen was again afraid for his life, "Hath
          cuckolded Vajra far long enough. Come now, priest, and thou
          shalt liberate heaven!"

          Slowly, the dragon backed away and after putting his head down
          for a moment, started to unfold the great wings that Cohen
          noticed had been folded tight against his violet scaled back.
          Once extended they appeared golden in the dragon's floating
          light, and he cast a terrible shadow against the cavern wall.

          "Come now, priest," he said yet again and began to walk towards
          Cohen purposefully, each step filling the cavern with the sound
          of thunder, "Verily, mine wings hath long drawn back and the holy
          thunder doth come slower, but it is long past time for the final
          flight of Vajrhanel. What say you?"